DAN: Things on Earth were going really well,
after the Bakugan came to live with us.
But then out of nowhere, we were invaded
by these mysterious and evil Mechtogan
who were intent on destroying everything.
Coredegon
Slycerak
Exostriker
and Mandibor were their names.
And leading them was this clown Wiseman.
They also had help from an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets. Luckily for us, we had our own
secret weapon in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer.
So we fought back, because no one is going to
take our freedom! Not now, not ever!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DAN: Unbelievable! You guys serious?
DAN: You were able to combine Jaakor with two other Bakugan?
SHUN: Yes, with Orbeum and Skytruss.
JAAKOR: They were my former students, and have since...
pledged allegiance to the Battle Brawlers.
DAN: Sweet. We're gonna need all the help we can get,
I'm feeling way better knowing we've got...
this many combination options to fight Wiseman with.
REPTAK: Combining seems to be the key to...
taking the Nonets down.
MIRA: And we know which members of our team combine.
except for Radizen.
DAN: [gasp] RADIZEN: Uh...
DAN: Right. So how 'bout it?
RADIZEN: Ummmm... SHUN: Combine....
RADIZEN: Yeah, yeah well um the thing is uh...
MARUCHO: Radizen and I are the best combination...
anyone can ask for, right pal?
RADIZEN: Uh yeah. Uh, that's right!
[grunt, pain reax] What the?
RADIZEN: Didn't you see me standing there?
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
RADIZEN: Yeah! Well no one asked you, okay?
MIRA: [gasp] MARUCHO: [gasp]
MARUCHO: Hmmmm.
MIRA: Sounds like Roxtor thinks he might have a solution.
MIRA: Why don't we hear him out?
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Combination Impossible
RADIZEN: First I can't be launched...
by Dragonoid Destroyer. Now I'm worried if I can't combine with
another Bakugan, Marucho won't want to battle with me anymore.
MIRA: Huh!
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu MIRA: Hmmm?
MIRA: You okay?
RADIZEN: No I'm not okay! I need your help!
RADIZEN: You gotta find a way to fix me so I can be...
launched by Dragonoid Destroyer!
MIRA: Huh?
RADIZEN: I just need a little help to get up to speed...
with the Baku Skyraiders.
MIRA: Hey, take it easy.
RADIZEN: C'mon, Mira. You've seen me in action.
I'm no slouch. All I'm asking is for a little boost.
You heard Dan. We need to be tip-top...
if we're gonna defeat Wiseman. This isn't just for me.
It's for all of us. There must be something you can do.
MIRA: I'm sorry. I can't.
RADIZEN: What d'ya mean? Why not?
MIRA: I'm afraid it's just not that simple.
RADIZEN: Never mind then it was a silly idea anyhow.
MIRA: Don't go.
RADIZEN: There's something I forgot to do.
RADIZEN: I'll catch you guys later.
MIRA: See you...
RADIZEN: I can hear you breathing, you know.
RADIZEN: I'm really not in the mood right now Roxtor,
so do me a favour and beat it.
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
RADIZEN: I don't care. I don't want to hear it, okay.
RADIZEN: What did you say?
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu!
RADIZEN: I don't have time for your crazy talk, Roxtor.
I came up here to be alone. Can't you take a hint...
for once in your life?
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
RADIZEN: I have to figure out a way where I can be...
the best partner possible to Marucho and listening to your...
jibber jabber isn't helping. So for the last time,
hit the road!
RADIZEN: Huh, I can't believe that guy.
I've got heavy stuff on my mind and instead of helping...
he's buzzing around like he always does and is all...
blah, blah, blah... Huh?
MARUCHO: [chuckles] There you are.
I was looking for you all over the place.
RADIZEN: Um why? Is there something wrong?
MARUCHO: Just follow me.
RADIZEN: Uh okay.
RADIZEN: Are you sure there's nothing wrong?
'Cos if not, I've got a few things I need to sort out.
MARUCHO: Relax, Radizen.
DAN: Hey you guys!
MARUCHO: Huh!
MARUCHO: Oh hey Dan.
DAN: We want to have a meeting to discuss strategy...
against Wiseman.
SHUN: Hey, are you guys heading out somewhere?
MARUCHO: Yep, that's right. We're just on our way...
to my family's off site Nautical Laboratory.
DAN: Like right now?
MARUCHO: Yes.
SHUN: Marucho, I don't think that's a very good idea.
DRAGO: I agree with Shun.
JAAKOR: Wiseman's been targeting each of the...
Battle Brawlers individually.
He's already had a go at us, you'll probably be next.
RADIZEN: Whoa! I never thought about that.
Maybe they're right, boss.
DAN: Do you really have to go to this place?
MARUCHO: Absolutely.
SHUN: Okay then we'll go with you.
MARUCHO: No thanks. We'll be fine.
MARUCHO: I appreciate your concern but Radizen and I...
can hold our own against Wiseman if he shows up.
RADIZEN: Yeah, that's right.
DRAGO: But Marucho...
MARUCHO: Enough! You guys seriously need to back off.
SHUN: Fine then.
DAN: Yeah, okay. Good luck, see ya.
BETADRON: We've been doing it your way,
and look where it's gotten us!
WISEMAN: Relax, Betadron. You forget, with each failed battle
we have gained intelligence about the Brawlers.
So it's not a complete loss.
WISEMAN: [laughter]
BETADRON: You think this is funny?
WISEMAN: Calm down already.
WISEMAN: I have a new plan okay?
BETADRON: Go on then.
WISEMAN: It's time we reverse tactics.
BETADRON: What?
WORTON: Up until now we've gone after their strongest members.
This time we'll target their weak spot.
And I know just who that is.
WORTON: Marucho and Radizen.
WISEMAN: Well done Professor Worton. I'm impressed.
Perhaps you and Balista will join me this time? Sound good?
BALISTA: I don't know about Worton but I'm certainly game.
WISEMAN: [chuckle]
MARUCHO: That's it up ahead.
RADIZEN: Whoa. It's massive.
MIRA: I can't believe you talked me into this.
Why are we spying on our own teammates Roxtor?
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
MIRA: What? Well, why didn't you just tell that...
to Radizen, then? I guess he's not the easiest one to talk to.
RADIZEN: This place is epic.
MARUCHO: Yes, it is, isn't it?
The energy we produce here using cold fusion from deep-sea water
is what we use to fuel 80% of the power grid...
at my family's lab complex.
MARUCHO: Water is all around us, but very few people...
realize how much usable power it actually contains.
RADIZEN: Water power?
MARUCHO: Aquos power!
RADIZEN: Yeah I guess it is.
MARUCHO: The beauty of water's power is its fluidity.
At times it is gentle and soothing,
other times mighty and punishing.
That's why I think it's the greatest...
of all of the elements. As an Aquos battler...
you possess all of those strengths.
RADIZEN: I do? You really think so?
RADIZEN: What am I talking about? Of course you're right!
I'm an Aquos battler, which means I'm as bad as they come.
Who cares if I can't be launched by Dragonoid Destroyer?
MARUCHO: So are you feeling any better now, Radizen?
RADIZEN: Huh?
MARUCHO: I know you felt pressured when the others...
asked you about combining, but it doesn't bother me.
RADIZEN: Are you sure Marucho?
It's just I don't want to let you down.
MARUCHO: Don't worry, you could never let me down,
Radizen I know you've always got my back.
RADIZEN: Yeah! You know it, boss.
I'm totally done wasting my time worrying about this.
Let's just focus on taking down Wiseman!
MARUCHO: Yes! That's exactly what I want to hear!
MARUCHO: Now that we've got that stuff out of the way...
I've got something cool I wanna show you.
RADIZEN: Sweet! I'll race you there!
MARUCHO: Whoa! Hold up!
You're going the wrong way!
MIRA: I'm sure glad they worked that out.
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
MIRA: [gasp] What's wrong?
Why are you so upset?
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
MIRA: Guess we didn't need to take that plane ride...
out here after all.
RADIZEN: Cool. What is this place?
MARUCHO: This is where we're conducting...
the latest hydro experiments.
MARUCHO: Each of these tanks houses a unique set...
of variables whose reactions we're tracking.
WISEMAN: All this talk has me anxious to try an experiment...
of my own.
MARUCHO: Hummmm?
RADIZEN: [gasp] MARUCHO: [gasp]
MARUCHO: Wiseman!
WISEMAN: I want to see what kind of chain reaction...
I can cause the Brawlers after I wipe you two off the map.
WISEMAN: Hmmph.
WISEMAN: Time to show them what you're made of, Balista!
MARUCHO: Let's unleash some Aquos power, Radizen!
WISEMAN: Bakugan Brawl!
WISEMAN: Bakugan Stand!
WISEMAN: Rise Aquos Balista!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Stand!
MARUCHO: Go Aquos Radizen!
RADIZEN: Oh yeeeeeeeeeah!
RADIZEN: Get ready to suffer some heavy...
water damage, you creeps!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
Hydro Artillery!
RADIZEN: Whoooa! I wasn't expecting that!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Bubble Rush!
BALISTA: Haaaaaaah!
RADIZEN: Seriously? This clown thinks a couple of bubbles
are gonna take me down?
RADIZEN: Huh!
RADIZEN: Man, I've seen snails that move faster.
Bah, enough of this.
MARUCHO: Be careful! It could still be a trick!
RADIZEN: Nah, I don't think so. Check it out...
while I burst his bubble.
RADIZEN: Yeeeeeeeoooooow!
What the...it like that thing was made out of acid!
MARUCHO: Hold on buddy!
Ability activate!
Mantis Shield!
RADIZEN: Hmmm?
RADIZEN: Whooooaaaa!
MARUCHO: Just in time. Are you okay?
RADIZEN: I think so...
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
MIRA: Hmmm? What is it?
MIRA: Roxtor!
WISEMAN: Ready?
WORTON: Absolutely.
WISEMAN: Bakugan Brawl!
WISEMAN: Bakugan Stand!
WISEMAN: Rise Ventus Worton!
RADIZEN: What's this two against one stuff?
WISEMAN: Hmmmph, Ability activate!
Air Cutter!
WORTON: Hmmmph!
Haaaaaaah!
MARUCHO: Get ready!
RADIZEN: What? To cry!
RADIZEN: [grunt, exertion reax]
RADIZEN: [chuckles]
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Dawn Tentacle!
WORTON: [rising mighty roar]
RADIZEN: [grunt, exertion reax]
What makes you think you can do any better?
RADIZEN: It doesn't matter what you guys throw at us,
Marucho and I will never be beaten because we've got...
a solid bond like you two creeps have never seen before!
RADIZEN: Not to mention we're fighting with the incredible...
might of Aquos power!
MARUCHO: Radizen!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
Deadly Tentacle!
WORTON: Huuuuuuuaaaah!
WISEMAN: Your pathetic little shield won't protect...
you any more!
RADIZEN: Bring it!
WORTON: Hmmmph!
RADIZEN: That's not good!
RADIZEN: Hmmmph!
RADIZEN: Whoa! That was way too close for comfort!
MARUCHO: I know. I'm really starting to break a sweat.
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Hydro Cannon!
BALISTA: Haaaaaaaaah!
RADIZEN: Whoa! Cold!
Cold! Coooooold!
MARUCHO: Ahhhhhhh!
BALISTA: Maybe now you'll stay put!
RADIZEN: The ice! It just keeps coming!
What are we gonna do?
MARUCHO: Radizen! [gasp]
MIRA: Marucho!
MARUCHO: Mira? Where did you come from?
MIRA: [panting] Roxtor wanted to...
talk to Radizen!
RADIZEN: What the heck are you doing here?
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
RADIZEN: Are you crazy? How on Earth are you gonna help me?
RADIZEN: Marucho and I have got this covered.
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
MIRA: He says he's tired of Radizen talking down to him and
MIRA: ...he's really stubborn.
MARUCHO: [nervous chuckle]
RADIZEN: Just stay out of my way Roxtor.
I'll show you how an Aquos Battler rolls!
RADIZEN: [grunt, exertion reax] [sigh]
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
Keep Saver!
RADIZEN: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaaah!
MARUCHO: Counter Attack!
Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Slash Boomerang!
RADIZEN: Haaaaaaaah!
BALISTA: [grunt, pain reax] WORTON: [grunt, pain reax]
WORTON: [grunt, pain reax] BALISTA: [grunt, pain reax]
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Luster Drain!
RADIZEN: That's right! You keep holding each other up...
so I can knock you down!
WORTON: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh! BALISTA: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
RADIZEN: You like that? Maybe next time you'll believe me...
when I say I don't need your help.
ROXTOR: Kyu
WORTON: I know we haven't fused together before but...
BALISTA: It sounds like a good idea to me.
WORTON: All right then!
WORTON: Bakugan Fuse!
RADIZEN: Are they doing what I think they're doing?
MARUCHO: Looks like it!
COMBINED WORTON: [mighty roar]
RADIZEN: Now that is one ugly combination!
MIRA: I'd say that's an understatement!
MARUCHO: We're about to find out how Ventus and Aquos...
abilities battle together.
ROXTOR: Kyu
COMBINED WORTON: I admit it's a bit odd doing this...
on Balista's legs but up against a weak opponent like you,
it won't matter in the end.
RADIZEN: Who are you calling weak you Franken-bug?
WISEMAN: Here we go again, Fused Ability, activate!
WISEMAN: Hydro Monsoon!
RADIZEN: [gasp]
COMBINED WORTON: [rising mighty roar]
RADIZEN: Uh-oh! [grunt, exertion reax]
RADIZEN: Talk about full of hot air.
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
MARUCHO: Radizen! You've gotta get out of there now!
RADIZEN: Not yet! I can take them!
Just give me a bit more time!
MARUCHO: Run, now!
RADIZEN: You can do this, Radizen! You can do thiiiiis!
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
RADIZEN: Keep it together!
RADIZEN: Don't worry, Marucho! I'll prove to you that...
you weren't wrong to put your faith in me.
MARUCHO: [gasp]
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
RADIZEN: [grunt, exertion reax]
MARUCHO: Whoa!
MIRA: The tornado's turning everything in its path to ice!
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
RADIZEN: These guys won't beat me!
MARUCHO: Radizen!
RADIZEN: I am gonna drop the Aquos hammer!
WORTON: You've got it backward, fool!
You're the one who's going to be dropped!
RADIZEN: [grunt, exertion reax]
MARUCHO: Radizen!
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
MIRA: Roxtor, no!
RADIZEN: Huh?
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
RADIZEN: What?
RADIZEN: Alright, alright, Mr. Big Talk. If you think...
you can do better, show me!
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu, Kyukyukyu
MARUCHO: Huh?
RADIZEN: Now what? Huh?
RADIZEN: [grunt, pain reax]
RADIZEN: Oooomph! Ouch!, Oooohh!, Owwwww!
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu, Kyukyukyu, Kyukyukyu
MARUCHO: Radizen! MIRA: Roxtor!
[heavy ground impact]
MIRA: I can't believe it!
MARUCHO: They actually combined!
COMBINED RADIZEN: Did we just...? But how did...?
We're combined?
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
COMBINED RADIZEN: I just can't believe that out of all...
the Bakugan to combine with, it would be you!
COMBINED RADIZEN: But it feels gooooooood!
WISEMAN: I would say the stakes just got raised.
COMBINED WORTON: I'll bet those two morons don't even realize...
the power they possess by being combined.
COMBINED WORTON: Too bad they won't be around long enough...
to figure it out. Ha ha!
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
COMBINED RADIZEN: Yeah, I'm ready too.
COMBINED RADIZEN: Why don't we take these new...
combined powers for a test drive!
MARUCHO: Roxtor, Radizen, get ready Juuuuuuump!
COMBINED RADIZEN: Hmmmmph!
MARUCHO: Combined Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Abyss Grander!
COMBINED RADIZEN: [rising might roar]
COMBINED WORTON: Your powers are inferior!
COMBINED RADIZEN: We'll see about that!
Haaaaaah!
COMBINED WORTON: I can't believe they stopped our hydro twister!
Now, I'm mad.
COMBINED RADIZEN: I can't believe I'm saying this Roxtor,
but I think we make a pretty good team.
We should find a name for when we do this combo thingy.
Hmmmm?
COMBINED RADIZEN: How 'bout the Friendship Bond?
Partner Power? Yeah! I like that.
It's got a real ring to it, if I do say so myself!
MARUCHO: Combined Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Terror Blue
COMBINED RADIZEN: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
MIRA: Roxtor, Radizen...
COMBINED RADIZEN: Oh yeah! This is some power we've got, Roxtor!
COMBINED WORTON: Their power is impressive,
but it's still no match for ours.
WISEMAN: Combined Ability, activate!
WISEMAN: Blast Burn!
COMBINED WORTON: [rising mighty roar]
MARUCHO: Radizen! MIRA: Roxtor!
RADIZEN: [rising mighty roar]
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyuk
COMBINED RADIZEN: We're taking you, doooooooown!
COMBINED WORTON: Uh oh! [grunt, exertion reax]
COMBINED WORTON: [grunt, exertion reax]
MARUCHO: [gasp] Huh? You did it guys!
COMBINED RADIZEN: Yeah we did. We actually won!
WORTON: So this is the kind of power that humans...
and Bakugan wield when they battle together.
WISEMAN: I see you've learned from today's little battle.
RADIZEN: Man, did you see the way we wiped the cocky...
grins off those Nonets' faces? It was awesome.
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
RADIZEN: Hmmm? Look, I listened to you in the end, didn't I?
Why do you have to bring that up?
RADIZEN: Argh, talk about spoiling the moment!
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu
RADIZEN: Sheesh! So I got angry with you a few times,
I gave you your props in the end.
Isn't that what's important?
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu, Kyukyukyu
RADIZEN: Don't you take that tone with me!
'Cos I'll come over there and make you eat this broom.
You hear me?
MIRA: Unbelievable. You'd think after everything they went...
through today, they'd have figured out a way to get along.
MARUCHO: I guess some things never change Mira.
MARUCHO: But then again, I guess I don't have to tell you
that sometimes the greatest partnerships...
come from the most unlikely of combinations.
MIRA: Yeah, your right.
MIRA: I'm just glad Roxtor didn't give up on Radizen.
Otherwise we'd have never known the power they had together.
MARUCHO: Well, nothing good comes easy, know what I mean?
Especially when Radizen is involved.
MIRA: That is true.
MARUCHO: Hmmph.
MIRA: I thought getting these two to work together...
doing chores might help prep them to become partners,
but now I'm not so sure. Maybe we should make it...
more permanent by adding Roxtor to the team.
MARUCHO: [gasp] That is a great idea, Mira!
RADIZEN: Roxtor, you are cuh-razy!
DAN: Until now we'd been able to fight off Wiseman
and the Nonets every time they attacked,
but with each battle it was definitely getting tougher.
Luckily for us, Mira finally completed her work on
the new Battle Suits. Vestal technology is the best
in the universe. Before we could try it out though,
Mira collapsed from exhaustion.
I guess working around the clock had worn her out.
That meant we were suddenly short a team member
which wasn't the greatest news as we were about to
engage in another battle. You've got to tune in
to see how we handled the action. It was totally intense!
Oooh, I almost forgot. You won't believe
the surprise visitor we had.
\u266a [MUSIC]